# Get started with remix

Remix is an amazing new framework created by the team behind react router.
Remix is a fresh take on the Full-stack web-framework arena.

## Setup

### Setup Remix

To get started, run the following command:

``` bash
npx create-remix@latest
```

To follow along, in the terminal menu prompt that is generated by the command,
choose `Just the basics`, for language choose `Typescript`, and for our server, we will go with `Express Server`.

```bash
IMAGE GOES HHERE  !!!
```

Once that is done, you will have a working remix web app. Let's spin it and see if it works by running:

```bash
npm run dev
```

All done. Now go to your browser and go to `http://localhost:3000/` and you should see something like this:

### Setup Prisma

In this tutorial, we will need to interact with our database. We will use Prisma as our ORM to abstract process for us.

To install prisma, first `cd` into the project folder, and run the following command:

```bash
npm install prisma typescript ts-node @types/node --save-dev
```

This command will install a couple of things. It will install `typescript` into our project, it will install Prisma and finally it will install type definitions for Node.js.

Next step is to install the prisma client and setup our db. To do that, run the following command:

```bash
npm i @prisma/client@latest
```

For ease of use, we will use sqlite as our database. Prisma however allows you to use `Postgres`, `MySQL`, `MongoDB`, `CockroachDB` and other databases.

To setup our db, let's run this quick command to initialize prisma into our project. The command will also set `sqlite` as the default database.

```bash
npx prisma init --datasource-provider sqlite
```

With that, go to the prisma folder, in the `schema.prisma` file and check out the results. We are now good to go!

### Setup Tailwind

To build a beautiful

## Modelling Our data

After creating our models we will run:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --name first_migration
```
